{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Core Scene & Subject: A sweeping, wide-angle panoramic landscape of the New England region of Australia. The scene is a perfect blend of a traditional, prosperous agricultural setting and subtle, futuristic technology. 2. The "Traditional" Elements (The Foundation): Landscape: Lush, rolling green and golden hills under a clear sky. Agriculture: In the foreground, a field of healthy, thriving crops (like cotton or wheat) is being tended to by a single, modern but recognizable driverless tractor. The field shows patterns of precision agriculture. Atmosphere: The overall feeling is one of health, prosperity, and deep-rooted strength. 3. The "Innovation" Elements (The Overlay): The Interface: A single farmer, seen from the side or back (to remain anonymous and symbolic), is standing at the edge of the field. They are interacting with a subtle, elegant, semi-transparent holographic interface that floats in the air before them. The Data: The interface displays clean, minimalist data visualizations and graphs overlaid on the landscape, showing metrics like soil moisture, crop health, and yield predictions. Thin, glowing lines of light, in cool blues and cyans, flow from the interface and connect to specific points in the field and the tractor, symbolizing data, AI, and connectivity. The Tech Aesthetic: The technology is clean, integrated, and non-intrusive. It should feel like a natural evolution of farming, not a sci-fi invasion. 4. Artistic Style & Technical Details: Style: Photorealistic concept art, cinematic, digital painting. It should look like a high-end visualization for a national strategic plan, not a fantasy illustration. Lighting: Warm, optimistic, "golden hour" lighting, casting long, soft shadows. This should evoke a feeling of a new dawn or a promising future. Color Palette: A rich palette of natural greens, golds, and earthy browns for the landscape, contrasted with the clean, bright, and cool blues, cyans, and whites of the technological elements. Composition: A wide, landscape orientation (16:9 aspect ratio) is essential. The composition should be clean, balanced, and professional, suitable for a corporate or government report. Keywords: innovation, agriculture, technology, regional Australia, future, optimism, data, connectivity, Ag-tech, sustainability, university, research.}